Deployment Plan Essay

  There are multiple ways we could deploy our project. The two main ones that we found best would be to either self-host it ourselves or have a cloud platform provider like Google
Cloud, Amazon Web Services (AWS), or Microsoft Azure host it. There are different steps that need to be taken depending on which process is chosen. We will list the steps for
both processes. 
	
  The following steps is how we would deploy our project by self-hosting. The first step would be to decide what platform we want to host the app on. We would pick Windows or
Linux. The next step would be to configure a web server gateway interface (WSGI). Linux would require mod_wsgi and Windows would require wfastcgi, both of these are server
modules that act as a WSGI compliant for python-based projects. Once the WSGI is configured, we need to set up a websever to accept the HTTP requests. We will use apache
for the Linux platform and IIS for the windows platform. The Final step is to open the required server ports that make the app accessible.
  
  The following steps is how we would deploy our project on a cloud-based platform like Google Cloud. These steps are broken into two parts. Part 1 is setting up a fresh
project on the Google App Engine and Part 2 is deploying our project from our local directory. PART1: First we would need to make an account/profile that will hold our project.
One we are signed in; we need to create and setup the foundation for a new project to be made in the Google App Engine dashboard. Once we have a new project created on the
Google App Engine part 1 is completed, and we start on part 2: deploying our local project to the cloud. The next steps will take place in our computer’s terminal.
First, we need to install the Google Cloud SDK which will give us command line tools, gcloud, gsutil, and bq. These tools will allow us to successfully deploy our project.
The first command we run is $gcloud auth login. This command will let us authenticate that we are the owner of the account. Next, we use the command $gcloud config to set our
local project our Google project ID. Finally, we run the command $gcloud app deploy. This final step will officially deploy our project as a live python web application into the
Google Cloud platform.

  There are many cost variables that come when deploying a web app. We would need a domain name which on average costs around $10-$20 per year.  There are also infrastructure
costs that come with hosting the web app. The prices would depend on how much data our web app would use, but on average hosting costs would range from $70-$320 per month.
Each cloud-based platform provider also have their own pricing. If we chose to have google cloud host our project, we would pay roughly $50 per month. Microsoft Azure has a 
free tier, but that only covers 1 GB of disk space. If we needed more space, we would have to pay $54.75 per month. For Amazon Web Services, we could start out paying between
$20-30 per month, but this would increase depending on the amount of traffic we generate.
